[Add-ins] (Mac) Reference saveAsync workaround (#596)
OfficeDev/outlook-dev-docs: docs/add-ins/compare-outlook-add-in-support-in-outlook-for-mac.md

| Area | Outlook on Windows, OWA for Devices, Outlook on the web | Outlook for Mac |
|:-----|:-----|:-----|

> | Supported versions of office.js and Office Add-ins manifest schema | All APIs in Office.js and schema v1.1. | <ul><li>Supports requirement sets 1.0, 1.1, 1.2, 1.3, and 1.4</li><li>Schema v1.1.</li></ul>**NOTE**: Outlook for Mac does not support saving a meeting. The `saveAsync` method will fail when called from a meeting in compose mode. See [Cannot save a meeting as a draft in Outlook for Mac by using Office JS API](https://support.microsoft.com/help/4505745) for a workaround. |

Reviewer: Consider "method fails" instead of "method will fail".

> | Supported versions of office.js and Office Add-ins manifest schema | All APIs in Office.js and schema v1.1. | <ul><li>Supports requirement sets 1.0, 1.1, 1.2, 1.3, and 1.4</li><li>Schema v1.1.</li></ul>**NOTE**: Outlook for Mac does not support saving a meeting. The `saveAsync` method will fail when called from a meeting in compose mode. See [Cannot save a meeting as a draft in Outlook for Mac by using Office JS API](https://support.microsoft.com/help/4505745) for a workaround. |

Author: ```suggestion
| Supported versions of office.js and Office Add-ins manifest schema | All APIs in Office.js and schema v1.1. | <ul><li>Supports requirement sets 1.0, 1.1, 1.2, 1.3, and 1.4</li><li>Schema v1.1.</li></ul>**NOTE**: Outlook for Mac does not support saving a meeting. The `saveAsync` method fails when called from a meeting in compose mode. See [Cannot save a meeting as a draft in Outlook for Mac by using Office JS API](https://support.microsoft.com/help/4505745) for a workaround. |
```
